Add help for how to avoid workflow runs triggered by this plugin (#287)
woodpecker-ci/plugin-ready-release-go: docs.md

  },
};
```

> To avoid Woodpecker workflow runs you should also consider adding an exclude condition. Otherwise the pull requests created and updates by this plugin triggers a workflow run itself. This could cause issues if your

Reviewer: Adding such an filter would mean that linters checking formatting or spelling etc would be skipped. It might be better to have this as a hint if someone is searching for a way to skip those PRs.

> workflow contains plubishing steps based on your pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
workflow contains publishing steps based on your pull requests.
```

> To prevent this behavior you can add this evaluation condition in your steps or a complete workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude workflows or steps from the plugin from being executed you can add a filter like: 
```
